Privacy Policy for TandooriTabahi
TandooriTabahi values your privacy. This Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use, and protect your information when you use our Discord music bot.

1. Information We Collect
When you use TandooriTabahi, we may collect the following types of information:

User Information: We may collect information about your Discord username, ID, and any other data you provide while using the bot.
Usage Data: We collect information about how you use the bot, including commands you issue and songs you request.
2. How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect in the following ways:

To provide and maintain our service.
To notify you about changes to our service.
To allow you to participate in interactive features when you choose to do so.
To provide customer support.
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our service.
3. Data Retention
We will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations.

4. Security of Your Information
The security of your data is important to us. We strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.

5. Links to Other Sites
Our bot may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms of service of any site you visit.

6. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. Your continued use of the bot after any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide by and be bound by the modified policy.

7. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at shashwatmukul2007@gmail.com.

